404 fortune not found.
A group of puppies is a litter. A group of kittens is a clowder. A group of children is an orphanage.
A mile is 5280 feet. This number comes from the approximate length of a single CVS receipt.
Bullet trains are not very useful as there is no caliber of gun that can fit them.
Daniel Radcliffe had never seen a Harry Potter movie before taking the role of Harry Potter.
Depending on the objective, cannabis CAN be considered a performance enhancing drug.
Despite its name, the drink Canada Dry is actually very wet.
Despite their name, greyhound busses are not purebreeds.
Disappointingly, putting your phone in airplane mode does not increase it's airtime when thrown.
During a driving test, pedestrians are not worth 10 points.
Fog is reality reducing the render distance.
Has anyone been really far even as decided want to use go do look more like?
Heart attacks are able to be mitigated by raising one's heart defense stat.
If a non-English speaker makes an English Muffin, it becomes a bilingual muffin.
If one year is seven dog years, then one day is a dog week.
In 1867, Canada declared its sovereignty as a nation and as The United States's hat.
Lighting a match is the fastest way to know whether or not you have a gas leak.
Main's Law: For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Microwaves spin in reverse in the southern hemisphere.
More than likely, "Sweet Home Alabama" would not make a good state song for Louisana.
Mountain Dew does not come from real mountains. Artifical mountains are used instead.
Mountains are able to grow monumental in size due to them having no natural predators.
NASCAR is a sport that revolves around professionally making left turns.
New Zealand is an imaginary country that was made-up for shooting The Lord of the Rings.
Order a package at 11:59:59 with same-day delivery for instant delivery.
Play dead when being chased by a bear. It's good practice for when the bear catches up.
People usually get what's coming to them...unless it has been mailed.
Pythagoras of Samos invented the triangle.
Raisin cookies are actually just disappointing chocolate chip cookies.
Salad is what food eats.
Seagulls fly over the sea because if they flew over the bay, they would be called bagels.
Steel wool comes from iron sheep. You probably haven't seen them because they rust if they're outdoors.
Stone tablets and chisels were the very first smartphones.
Swimming pools are just domesticated ponds.
The average number of fingers that people have is less than 10.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
The scientific name for a bob cat is a Robert Feline.
The M4A3E8 Sherman Tank does not make for a good commuter vehicle.
The USA does not use the metric system. Instead, everything is measured in Freedom Units.
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
To this day, nobody is really sure is Jack Nicholson is real or not.
Tonight's weather forecast will be dark with a chance of scattered light by morning.
Tropical depressions are just sad hurricanes.
Water polo is a sport that is unethical to horses.
Wheat pennies were discontinued in 1956 due to gluten allergies.
While soup spoons are for eating soup, tablespoons are not for eating tables.
Windmills are just mother nature's fidget spinners.
Women do not have to wait until Labor Day to give birth.
You don't have to be faster than a bear. You have to be faster than the slowest guy running from it.
